AWSO 2.8.0 changes (#3933)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/aws/deploy-use-aws-observability/before-you-deploy.md

* Set up the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html) and configure the AWS CLI as described in the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html) if you would like to use an AWS profile for Terraform script based deployment.
* The AWS Observability solution comes with pre-packaged alerts in the form of Sumo Logic Monitors. To understand more about their capabilities please visit the Monitors page.

> * For AWS services exporting to Cloudwatch Logs, make sure logs are exported to log groups
>   * RDS - Enable publishing of logs to cloudwatch by following [instructions](/docs/integrations/amazon-aws/rds/#collect-amazon-rds-cloudwatch-logs).
>   * API Gateway - Enable Access Logs for each respective API by following instructions in Step 3 of [Collect access logs for AWS API Gateway](/docs/integrations/amazon-aws/api-gateway/#collect-access-logs-for-aws-api-gateway). Make sure you have the following prefix `/aws/apigateway/<apiid>/<stagename>` while creating log group.
>   * AWS Lambda - If you are exporting logs to your custom log group, make sure you have the following prefix `/aws/lambda/<function name>` while creating log group.
> * The AWS Solution does not enable detailed or enhanced metrics collection by default
>   * ECS - Enable enhanced metric for respective cluster, refer [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/deploy-container-insights-ECS-cluster.html).
>   * API Gateway - Enable detailed metrics and cache metrics for respective api, refer [docs](/docs/integrations/amazon-aws/api-gateway/#enable-enhanced-metrics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For AWS services exporting to CloudWatch Logs, make sure logs are exported to log groups:
  * RDS - Enable publishing of logs to CloudWatch by following instructions in [Collect Amazon RDS CloudTrail logs](/docs/integrations/amazon-aws/rds/#collect-amazon-rds-cloudwatch-logs).
  * API Gateway - Enable Access Logs for each respective API by following instructions in Step 3 of [Collect access logs for AWS API Gateway](/docs/integrations/amazon-aws/api-gateway/#collect-access-logs-for-aws-api-gateway). Make sure you have the following prefix `/aws/apigateway/<apiid>/<stagename>` while creating the log group.
  * AWS Lambda - If you are exporting logs to your custom log group, make sure you have the following prefix `/aws/lambda/<function name>` while creating the log group.
* The AWS Solution does not enable detailed or enhanced metrics collection by default.
  * ECS - Enable enhanced metrics for respective cluster. Refer to [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/deploy-container-insights-ECS-cluster.html).
  * API Gateway - Enable detailed metrics and cache metrics for respective APIs. Refer to [AWS documentation](/docs/integrations/amazon-aws/api-gateway/#enable-enhanced-metrics).
```
